BELLA: "These violent
delights have violent ends,
"and in their triumph die,
like fire and powder,
"which, as they kiss,
consume."
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
(BELL TOLLS)
(PANTING)
Gran?
(GASPS SOFTLY)
Edward, don't!
She'll see you.
Hmm.
Okay.
(IN BELLA'S VOICE)
Gran, I'd like you to meet...
(GASPS)
Happy birthday, Bella.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Happy birthday.
(CLICKS TONGUE)
I thought we agreed,
no presents.
Well, the one from me's not
wrapped, so it doesn't count.
That's actually great.
Thanks, Dad.
It goes with this one from
your mom. We coordinated.
Well, she coordinated me.
It's to put your pictures
in from senior year.
(SIGHS) Senior year.
How'd you get so old so fast?
I didn't.
It's not that old.
I don't know.
Is that a gray hair?
No. No way.
(SIGHS)
Happy birthday.
That's really funny.
ANNOUNCER ON RADIO:
Another missing hiker
brings the total to
three presumed dead.
Rangers are searching for the killer
animal... (SWITCHING RADIO STATION)
ERIC: It's Bella. Bella!
Hi.
I'm...
JESSICA:
Today's the big day, Bella.
R and J essay due.
Oh, yeah.
Wherefore art thou, Bella?
(ALL LAUGH)
Let me take a picture
of you guys.
My mom wants me to
put together, like,
a scrapbook full of memories.
ERIC: Oh.
MIKE: Cool. Yeah.
I take them.
I'm not in them.
No, no, no, come here.
BELLA: Well, you are today.
You'll photoshop this if
my nose looks big, right?
ERIC: Don't worry,
I'm in the picture.
No one will be
looking at you guys.
BELLA: That's good.
Oh, good.
Cullen's here.
(ERIC CHEERS WEAKLY)
Well, talk to you later.
Happy birthday. Mmm.
Don't remind me.
Bella, your birth is definitely
something to celebrate.
Yeah, but my aging's not.
Your aging?
(CHUCKLES)
I think 18 is a little young
to start worrying about that.
It's one year older than you.
No, it isn't.
I'm 109.
Well, maybe I shouldn't be
dating such an old man. Mmm.
It's gross. I should be
thoroughly repulsed. Uh-huh.
(BOTH SIGHING)
We have to go to class.
Okay.
(EDWARD MOANS SOFTLY)
Wait a second.
Someone wants you.
JACOB: Bella!
Jacob!
What?
I'll leave you to talk.
Hello, biceps!
You know, anabolic steroids
are really bad for you. (LAUGHS)
Well, I'm just
filling out, Bella.
You know, it wouldn't seem
so drastic if we hung out more.
You should switch schools. You
can come hang out with the palefaces.
I'm all right. I prefer the
rez school's exclusivity.
They let any old riffraff
into this place.
I see. Then why are you
slumming it? Mmm-hmm.
I was just buying a part
for the Rabbit.
You should really come
take a ride when it's done.
Is it fast?
Um.
It's decent.
(BOTH LAUGH)
I'm kidding.
Okay. Good.
Hey, happy birthday.
Your dad told my dad, so...
Yeah, of course he did.
I saw this the other day
and thought of you.
Catches bad dreams.
That's kind of perfect.
Thank you.
No problem.
Good seeing you.
Yeah, I'll see you later.
Bye.
So how come Jacob Black
gets to give you a gift and I don't?
Because I have nothing
to give back to you.
Bella, you give me everything
just by breathing. (EXHALES)
See? Thank you.
That's all I want.
I mean, that's not
all I want, though.
And you know that, so I'm
not even gonna go there.
(CLEARS THROAT)
And Jacob's a friend, you know?
Something maybe
you're not too familiar with.
It's a person that
you don't want
to kiss, or kill,
but enjoy their
company nonetheless.
EDWARD: Mmm-hmm.
(CHUCKLES)
Well, your "friend"
just spent two weeks
trying to find the perfect
dream catcher. Hmm.
If you don't like his thoughts,
then quit reading them.
It's kind of hard not to.
ALICE: Bella!
Happy birthday!
Shh, shh!
(SCHOOL BELL RINGS)
I thought I said no presents.
I've already seen you
open it, and guess what,
you love it.
You're gonna wear
it tonight. Our place.
Come on. Please?
It'll be fun.
Okay. All right.
(SHRIEKS) Great!
Okay, I'll see you
at 7:00.
Jasper, no fair with
the mood control thing.
(ALICE LAUGHS)
Sorry, Bella.
Happy...
Never mind.
You can't trust vampires.
Trust me.
ROMEO: (ON VIDEO)
O my love! My wife!
Death, that hath sucked
the honey of thy breath
hath had no power
yet upon thy beauty.
Thou art not conquered.
Beauty's ensign yet is crimson
in thy lips and in thy cheeks.
And death's pale flag
is not advanced there.
(SNIFFLES)
Tybalt, liest thou
there In thy bloody sheet?
O, what more favor
can I do to thee than
with that hand that
cut thy youth in twain.
You know what I really hate?
Being celebrated.
Oh, come on.
The last birthday
any of us had was Emmett.
And that was when Bing
Crosby was top of the charts.
They're all very
excited about this.
It's something fun
and different.
(CHUCKLES)
There are worse
tragedies than a party.
I mean, look at Romeo.
Killed his true love
out of sheer stupidity.
Imagine living with that.
Though I do envy him one thing.
BELLA: Juliet is,
like, perfect.
If you like that obviously
beautiful sort of thing.
(LAUGHS)
Not the girl, the suicide.
It's nearly impossible for...
For some people.
For humans, a little poison,
a dagger to the heart.
There's so many
different options.
Why would you say that?
Because I had to
consider it once.
(BELLA SCREAMING)
I didn't know if I'd get to you in time.
I had to come up
with some kind of plan.
What was the plan?
That I'd go to Italy
and provoke the Volturi.
The what?
The Volturi.
MR. BERTY: Now,
who'd like to repeat
the last few lines
of iambic pentameter
just to show they were
paying attention?
Mr. Cullen?
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Uh, yes, Mr. Berty.
Um...
"O here will I set up
my everlasting rest
"and shake the yoke
of inauspicious stars
"from this world-wearied flesh.
"Eyes, look your last.
"Arms, take your last embrace!
"And, lips, O you,
the doors of breath,
"seal with a righteous kiss a
dateless bargain to engrossing death!"
Eyes on the screen, people.
ROMEO: Thus
with a kiss I die.
The Volturi are a very old,
very powerful family.
I guess they're the closest
thing to royalty my world has.
Is that Carlisle?
Yeah.
He lived with them
for a few decades.
Described them as very refined.
No respect for
human life, of course,
but a respect for the arts
and the sciences, at least.
And the law.
Above all, the law.
BELLA: Vampires have laws?
EDWARD: Not very many.
And only one that's
regularly enforced.
BELLA: What is it?
EDWARD: That we keep the
existence of our kind a secret.
We don't make
spectacles of ourselves,
and we don't kill conspicuously.
Unless, of course,
you want to die.
(CHOKING)
You gotta stop
talking about that.
I can't even think
about someone hurting you.
Bella, the only thing
that can hurt me is you.
And I don't have anything
else to be afraid of.
That's not true.
Victoria? She'll come
for me one day.
Alice will see when she
decides, and we'll be ready.
I could protect you,
if you change me.
Bella, you already
do protect me.
You're my only reason
to stay alive,
if that's what I am.
But it's my job to protect you.
(SIGHS)
From everyone except my sister.
ALICE: It's time! It's time.
It's time. It's time!
DR. CULLEN:
Sorry about all this.
We tried to rein Alice in.
As if that were even possible.
Happy birthday, Bella.
Thanks.
I found it in your bag.
You mind?
Dating an older woman.
Hot.
(SIGHS EXASPERATEDLY)
What?
You first, Rosalie.
It's a necklace.
Alice picked it out.
Thanks.
Show me the love.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
Oh, and there's a cake, too.
BELLA: Alice, that cake
could feed 50 people.
You guys don't even eat.
This one's from Emmett.
Already installed it
in your truck.
Finally a decent sound system
for that piece of...
Hey! Don't hate the truck.
(ALICE LAUGHS)
Open Esme and Carlisle's.
DR. CULLEN: Just a little
something to brighten your day.
Yes, you've been
looking kind of pale lately.
Ow.
Paper cut.
(BELLA GRUNTS)
(GLASS SHATTERING)
(JASPER GROWLS)
Jaz, Jaz. Shh, shh!
It's okay. It's just a little
blood.
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(JASPER SNARLS)
DR. CULLEN:
Get Jasper out of here.
(BELLA GASPS)
I'm sorry, I can't.
I'll have to stitch
this up in my office.
Check on Jasper.
I'm sure he's very
upset with himself,
and I doubt he'll listen
to anyone but you right now.
Edward.
(GLASS CLINKING)
(CLASSICAL MUSIC
PLAYING SOFTLY)
BELLA: I never wanted
to have a party.
DR. CULLEN:
It's not your fault.
Jasper hasn't been away
from human blood
as long as the rest of us.
How do you do it?
Years and years of practice.
Did you ever think of
just doing it the easy way?
No.
I knew who I wanted to be.
I wanted to help people.
It brings me happiness,
even if I am damned regardless.
Damned?
Like hell? (SCOFFS)
Carlisle,
you couldn't be damned.
You couldn't.
It's impossible.
Thank you, Bella.
You've always been
very gracious about us.
So that's it?
That's why he won't change me?
Imagine the situation
in reverse. Hmm.
If you believed as Edward does,
could you take away his soul?
(BLOWS)
Say something.
What do you want me to say?
That I'm a total klutz,
but it's okay.
Things will go back to normal.
Normal people get paper cuts.
If you had a normal party,
it would have come down
to a Band-Aid.
If I were a normal boyfriend,
I wouldn't have to fight
the urge to kill you...
BELLA: Stop.
I don't want normal.
I want you.
You can't protect me
from everything.
At some point, something's
gonna separate us.
It's gonna be an accident
or illness
or old age,
as long as I'm human.
And the only solution
is to change me.
That's not a solution.
That's a tragedy.
You're not gonna want me
when I look like a grandmother.
Bella,
do you not understand
my feelings for you at all?
Carlisle told me
how you feel about your soul.
I don't believe that.
So don't worry about mine.
You should go inside.
It's still my birthday.
So can I ask one thing?
Kiss me?
(BELLA GASPS)
(BOTH GASPING)
I love you.
(BALLAD PLAYING)
Hey.
Just come take a walk with me.
We have to leave Forks.
Why?
Carlisle's supposed to be
10 years older than he looks,
and people are
starting to notice.
Okay,
I've gotta think of
something to say to Charlie.
When you say "we"...
I mean my family and myself.
Edward, what happened
with Jasper, it's nothing.
You're right.
It was nothing,
nothing but what
I always expected
and nothing compared to
what could have happened.
You just don't belong
in my world, Bella.
I belong with you.
No. You don't.
I'm coming.
Bella,
I don't want you to come.
(SIGHS)
You don't want me?
No.
That changes things a lot.
But if it's not too much to ask,
can you just promise me
something?
Don't do anything reckless.
For Charlie's sake.
And I'll promise something
to you in return.
This is the last time
you'll ever see me.
I won't come back,
and you can go on with your life
without any
interference from me.
It will be like I never
existed, I promise.
If this is about
my soul, take it.
I don't want it without you.
It's not about your soul.
You're just not good for me.
Not good enough for you.
I'm just sorry I let
this go on for so long.
(SOBS)
Please.
Don't...
Goodbye.
(SOBBING)
Edward.
Edward!
(BELLA CRYING)
(SOFT GROWLING)
(GRASS RUSTLING)
(CHATTERING OVER POLICE RADIO)
I'm gonna try the
Cullens' place again.
The Cullens left town, Charlie.
Good riddance.
Where'd they go?
We'll find her, Charlie.
CHARLIE: Thanks, Harry.
JACOB: Charlie!
BILLY: Hey.
She's all right.
I got her.
Thank you, Sam.
What the hell were
you thinking, baby?
Why were you out there?
(QUIETLY) He's just gone.
(SAD BALLAD PLAYING)
BELLA: Alice,
you've disappeared,
like everything else.
Now who else
can I talk to? I'm lost.
When you left,
and he left,
you took everything with you.
But the absence of him is everywhere
I look. (KEYBOARD CLACKING)
It's like a huge hole has been
punched through my chest.
(BELLA SCREAMING)
Bella.
(INAUDIBLE)
(BELLA SCREAMING)
BELLA: But in a way I'm glad.
The pain is my only
reminder that he was real,
that you all were.
(MESSAGE CHIMES)
It's about time
you got rid of those
stupid things, Bob.
Seen one too many bikers
smeared on the highway.
Same lecture, Chief.
Soon as someone
hauls them away for scrap,
you and my wife can rest easy.
What's the, uh, word
on this bear problem?
Folks are saying
that they're huge.
Uh, yeah, that's...
It's just talk.
How you doing there, Bella?
Hey.
It's freezing out.
You're running a little
late again, aren't you?
No, I'm fine.
All right.
That's it.
What?
You're going to Jacksonville
to live with your mother.
I'm not leaving Forks.
Bells, he's not coming back.
I know.
It's just not normal,
this behavior.
Quite frankly, it's
scaring the hell out of me
and your mother.
Baby, I don't want you to leave.
I don't, but just go.
Go to Jacksonville.
Make some new friends.
I like my old friends.
Well, you never
see them anymore.
I do.
I'm... (SIGHS)
Gonna, uh, go shopping
tomorrow with Jessica.
You hate shopping.
I...
I need a girls' night out.
All right.
Girls' night.
Shopping.
I like it.
Go buy some stuff.
(KEYS JANGLING)
BELLA: (ON PHONE)
Hi, Jessica, it's Bella.
Uh, yeah, Bella Swan.
JESSICA: I don't know
why you want to sit through
all those zombies eating people
and no hot guys kissing anybody.
It's gross. Like...
And why are there that
many zombie movies anyway?
'Cause if it's
supposed to, like,
draw a parallel about leprosy,
my cousin had leprosy.
It's not funny, you know?
And, like, is it supposed
to be a metaphor
for consumerism?
Because don't be so
pleased with your own, like,
self-referential
cleverness, you know?
Like, some girls like to shop.
Not all girls, apparently.
Although I was surprised you
even called at all. You know?
Like, your depression
thing, I get it.
I'm totally, totally worried.
But after a while it's like,
you're still bumming...
CHET: You want a ride, girls?
And I'm going through stuff,
too. You know? Like Mike deciding
he just wants to be friends.
CHET: What's up?
Look what we found.
JESSICA: It's hard, you know?
Like, and since when
does "just friends"...
BIKER 1: What's up guys?
BIKER 2: Look what we found.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, where you going?
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Keep walking.
(GASPING)
This is dangerous.
Dude, come on.
CHET: Come here for a sec!
I think I know those guys.
CHET: We got beer!
We got bikes!
Well, they seem great.
Can we go?
I'm just gonna see something.
CHET: Hey, girlie!
All right, all right.
We got a taker.
Turn around.
(GASPS)
BIKER 2: Shut up!
BIKER 3: You shut up!
I'm sorry, I thought
you were somebody else.
No, that's cool. I'll be whoever
you want me to be, honey.
So, what do you say?
You promised me,
nothing reckless.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
You promised it would be
as if you never existed.
(CLEARS THROAT)
You lied.
You say something, babe?
You know what? Never mind.
(ENGINE ROARING)
Stop!
Stop, stop, stop!
(BRAKES SCREECHING)
Hey, um, what the
hell's wrong with you?
Just curious.
I thought that I saw something.
You... Oh.
You're insane,
actually. Or suicidal.
That homeboy
could've been a psycho.
I was about to end up
in an FBI interview room
like some lame TV show.
God, that was such a rush.
Awesome. So you're
an adrenaline junkie now?
That's cool. You can
go bungee jumping.
You don't get on
the back of some
random loser's motorcycle.
Crazy.
BELLA: Alice, I saw him.
Maybe I'm crazy now.
I guess that's okay.
If a rush of danger is
what it takes to see him,
then that's what I'll find.
Bella!
Where the hell
have you been, loca?
(BELLA LAUGHING)
(SIGHS) I, uh,
brought you something.
Okay.
(METAL CLANGING)
It's a little crazy.
Wow.
Scrap metal.
You shouldn't have.
I saved it from the junkyard.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I think they'll probably cost
more to fix than they're worth,
but then I thought that
if I had a mechanic friend
to help me out, then...
Ah!
Me being the
mechanic-type friend?
That's right.
Since when are you
into motorcycles?
Since now.
I get it if you think that this
is really stupid and reckless.
Yeah, I mean, it's completely
stupid and reckless.
When do we start?
Um...
Now.
Please?
(CHUCKLES) All right.
Oh, hey, be careful.
Those things are actually
really heavy, so...
(CHUCKLES)
Jake, you're, like, buff.
How did that happen?
You're, like, 16. I don't get it.
Mmm-hmm. Age is just a number, baby.
What are you, like, 40 now?
It feels like that sometimes.
(ROMANTIC SONG
PLAYING ON STEREO)
(TURNS OFF STEREO)
That song's good.
You don't like it?
Um, I don't really like
music anymore, kind of.
Okay. No more music.
So I was thinking, if we're
gonna do this every day,
and hopefully we will,
we have to, like, fit some
homework in there somewhere.
I don't want Billy thinking that
I'm a bad influence on you.
You? Influence me?
Please.
Are you...
I'm older than you,
so that makes me the
influencer and you the influencee.
(LAUGHS) No, no, no.
My size and knowledge base
actually makes me older than you
because of your general
paleness and lack of know-how.
I convinced you to build
two-wheeled death machines with me.
Don't you think that makes
you kind of young and naive?
Okay. So where do we stand?
I'm 35.
And you might be,
like, 32. Come on.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
QUIL: Yo, Jake, you in there?
It's okay.
It's just my boys.
Hey, Jake.
Hey. Guys,
this is Bella.
- Bella, that's Quil
and Embry. - Hi.
I'm Quil Ateara.
So the bike building
story is true.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I taught
him everything he knows.
What about the part
where you're his girlfriend?
Uh...
We're friends, you know.
(LAUGHS) Burn.
Actually,
remember I said
she's a girl and a friend.
Embry, do you remember
him making that distinction?
Nope.
So you guys have
girlfriends? That's awesome.
(JACOB LAUGHING)
Yeah, right.
Quil's actually taking
his cousin to prom.
Yeah, that's still a riot.
You want funny, Black?
I'll give you funny.
(JACOB AND QUIL LAUGHING)
Jeez.
JACOB: Hey,
that hold's illegal!
EMBRY: I got
five bucks on Quil.
You're on.
BELLA: Dear Alice,
I wish I had your real address.
I wish I could
tell you about Jake.
He makes me feel better.
I mean, he makes me feel alive.
The hole in my chest,
well, when I'm with Jake,
it's like it's almost healed
for a while.
JACOB: So, Quil keeps
asking to come over.
I think he likes
you a little too much.
Oh.
Well, I'm really not into the
whole cougar thing. You know?
(CHUCKLES)
What's up with you and age?
I mean, how old was
that Cullen guy, anyway?
BELLA: But even Jake
can't keep the dreams away.
(BELLA WHIMPERING)
(SCREAMING)
Hey, hey, hey!
Wake up, Bella.
(SHUSHING)
You're okay. You're okay.
(SIGHS)
(CRYING)
I'm sorry I woke you up.
(SIGHS) It's okay,
it's all right.
(BELLA SNIFFLES)
Kind of like
when you were a baby.
Didn't get a lot
of sleep then, either.
I thought this thing was
starting to work, but I guess not.
I do know what
it's like, you know.
When your mother left,
took you with her,
that was not a good time for me.
I thought about doing
all kinds of crazy things
just to ease the pain.
(CHARLIE SIGHS)
Can I ask you something?
Hanging out with Jacob,
that seems to take your
mind off things a bit, doesn't it?
You know, sometimes
you gotta learn to love
what's good for you.
You know what I mean?
Of course, what do I know?
I'm just a terminal bachelor.
Famous ladies' man.
Okay.
I'm gonna go to bed.
Uh...
I love you.
If I told you
I couldn't have fixed
these bikes,
what would you have said?
Are you doubting
your mad skills?
No. Definitely not.
I mean, they'll run fine.
It's just,
maybe if I was smart, I would
have dragged out the rebuild a bit.
If you told me you
couldn't fix these bikes,
I would say that
that's really too bad,
but that we're just gonna have
to find something else to do.
(LAUGHS)
Is that Sam Uley?
Yeah. Him and his cult.
(SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)
(WHOOPS)
Oh, my God.
Did you see that?
(JACOB LAUGHING)
They're not really fighting,
Bella. They're cliff diving.
Scary as hell, but a total rush.
(SHOUTING)
(WAVES CRASHING)
A rush? Most of us
jump from lower down.
We leave the showing off
to Sam and his disciples.
You have some kind of beef
with him or something?
I don't know.
They just think
they run this place.
Embry used to call them
hall monitors on steroids.
Now look at him.
BELLA: That's Embry?
(CONTINUES WHOOPING)
Yeah.
What happened to him?
He missed some school.
Now all of a sudden,
he started following
Sam around like a little puppy.
Same thing happened
with Paul and Jared.
Sam keeps giving me this look,
like he's waiting
for me or something.
It's kind of starting
to freak me out.
Well, you should just avoid him.
I try.
Okay.
You look scared.
I'm not.
All right.
Brake?
That one.
Clutch?
Good.
Gas?
(ENGINE ROARS)
Ready?
Now, slowly release the clutch.
EDWARD: Bella.
Stop.
(BELLA GASPS)
Whoa!
You all right?
I'm gonna go again.
Okay.
(GASPS)
Ah!
Whoa!
Hit the brake!
(GRUNTS)
I wanna go again.
Are you trying to
get yourself killed?
No. I want to go again.
No. Forget it.
No more bikes.
Man, your head.
Ow.
Yeah.
Oh, my God, I'm sorry.
What, you're apologizing
for bleeding?
Yeah. I guess I am.
Well, it's just blood,
Bella. No big deal.
There.
What are you staring at?
You're sort of beautiful.
How hard did you hit your head?
I don't know.
(JACOB CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
Let's go.
ANGELA: I did see
something in the woods.
Totally.
Baby, I believe you.
No, he doesn't. He's
just trying to get lucky.
(ERIC LAUGHS)
ANGELA: No, okay. It
was jet black and huge.
On all fours, it was
still taller than a person.
A bear, maybe?
Or an alien.
You're lucky
you didn't get probed.
(ERIC AND MIKE SNICKERING)
ANGELA: Well, I saw it.
You know, you're not
the only one.
My dad's been getting
reports at the station.
Like, five hikers have
been killed by some bear.
But they can't find the bear.
Hmm.
(LAUGHS AWKWARDLY)
Last time you clowns
doubt my girlfriend.
MIKE: Um...
(CLEARS THROAT)
So? I mean,
Bella's back?
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, I guess so.
All right, that's...
Well, welcome.
(EXHALES) Um...
So, listen,
now that you're talking
and eating again,
which, you know,
you've got to get
that protein in there.
Um...
I was just wondering if you
wanted to go see a movie with me.
Yeah. Sure. Yeah, I do.
Cool.
Let me see, we could check out
Love Spelled Backwards Is Love.
You know, it's a dumb title,
but it's a romantic comedy.
I mean, it's supposed to
be pretty... No. No romance.
Uh...
How about Face Punch?
Have you heard of that?
I mean, that's an action movie.
Yeah, that's perfect.
Guns, adrenaline.
That's my thing.
Okay.
We should get a bunch
of people to go.
Do you guys want
to go see Face Punch?
ERIC: Face Punch, yeah!
Mike, hey, we were
supposed to watch that.
Remember, the trailer's
like... (EXPLOSIONS)
"Punch faces."
I remember.
(SARCASTICALLY) Yeah!
Movie night with Bella.
So Face Punch, huh?
You like action movies?
Not really.
(SCOFFING)
I heard it sucks. Bad.
Are you even old enough
to see this movie?
I mean, you know, without,
like, adult supervision.
Right, yeah, well, she's
buying my ticket for me.
She's buying it. Okay.
Jessica bailed, and
Angela got the stomach flu,
so Eric's taking care of her.
It's just us three.
Great!
Great.
JACOB: Yeah.
(GUN COCKING ON SCREEN)
MAN 1 ON SCREEN:
Put your gun down.
MAN 2 ON SCREEN:
Put your gun down
or I'm gonna blow
your frickin' head off.
MAN 3 ON SCREEN: Both of
you put both of your guns down
or I'm gonna blow both
of your frickin' heads off.
(GUNS COCKING)
MAN 1 ON SCREEN: All
right, forget it, let's do this!
(GUNS FIRING)
(MAN SCREAMS)
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
Okay, I think
I'm gonna throw up.
(SCREAMING CONTINUES)
He's...
(SCOFFS)
What a marshmallow!
You should hold out for
someone with a stronger stomach.
Someone who laughs at the
gore that makes weaker men vomit.
Yeah. I'll keep my eye open
for that. (JACOB CHUCKLES)
I feel bad.
He probably has that flu
that's going around.
What? I can't hold
your hand?
No, of course you can.
I just think it, you know, means
something a little
different to you. So...
Okay, well, tell me something.
You like me, right?
And you think
I'm sort of beautiful?
(SOFTLY) Jacob,
please, don't do this.
(BELLA SIGHS)
Why?
Because you're about
to ruin everything.
And I need you.
(SIGHS)
Well, I've got loads of time.
I'm not gonna give up.
I don't want you to,
but it's just 'cause I don't
want you to go anywhere.
And that's really selfish.
You know, I'm not like
a car that you can fix up.
I'm never gonna run right.
So I should be fair to you.
It's because of him, right?
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
Look,
I know what he did to you.
But, Bella, I would
never ever do that.
I won't ever hurt you.
I promise.
I won't let you down.
You can count on me.
MIKE: Well,
(SNIFFLES)
(SIGHS)
I need to go home.
I was feeling sick
before the movie. Okay?
(JACOB SCOFFS)
What is your problem?
Right now?
You're my problem.
Feeling sick? Maybe you
need to go to the hospital.
You want me to
put you in the hospital?
Jake! Jake. Jake, the movie's
over. What are you doing?
You're really hot.
Like, you feel like you
have a fever. Are you okay?
I don't know what's happening.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I gotta go.
(DOOR OPENS)
That dude is weird.
BELLA: (ON PHONE) Jake,
your dad says you have mono.
He won't let me visit,
but would you call me?
Hey, it's me again.
I just...
I'm sorry about what
I said at the movie theater.
I just wanted to hear
your voice, so no pressure.
Jacob, please...
Call me.
Okay. We should be
back around 3:00.
(SIGHS)
Hey.
Look, I don't have
to go fishing today.
Yes, you do.
Yeah, you do. Go. What
are you talking about?
Just be careful.
Always am.
Those bears won't get
the drop on me, Bella.
My kung fu is strong.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(RAIN POURING)
Jake!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Hey!
You cut your hair off?
And got a tattoo?
Bella.
I thought you were
too sick to come outside
or pick up the phone
when I call.
Go away.
What?
What happened to you?
What's...
Hey! What happened?
Did Sam get to you?
Is that what's happening?
Sam's trying to help me.
Don't blame him.
But if you want
somebody to blame,
how about those filthy
bloodsuckers you love,
the Cullens?
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
I don't know what
you're talking about.
No, you know exactly
what I'm talking about.
You've been lying
to everyone. Charlie.
But you can't lie to me.
Not anymore, Bella.
SAM: Jacob!
Jacob!
Look, Bella,
we can't be friends anymore.
(CRYING) Look, Jake, I
know that I've been hurting you.
It's killing me.
It kills me.
I just need...
Maybe give me, like,
some time or something.
Look, don't.
It's not you.
It's not you,
it's me, right? Really?
It's true. It is me.
I'm not good.
I used to be a good kid.
Not anymore.
This doesn't even matter.
All right?
This is over.
You can't break up with me.
I mean...
I mean, you're my best friend.
You promised me.
I know.
I promised I wouldn't
hurt you, Bella.
And this is me
keeping that promise.
Go home
and don't come back
or you're gonna get hurt.
Billy called. Said you
and Jacob had a fight.
I'm sure you guys
will work it out.
(STAMMERS)
I'm gonna change.
I'm here, if you want to talk.
BELLA: Alice,
things are...
Things are bad again.
Without Jake, I just...
I can't stand it.
I don't see Edward anymore.
Will it really feel
like he never existed?
I will find the place
where I can see him again.
(SOBBING)
Bella.
Laurent.
You seemed pleased to see me.
I almost believed
that none of it happened.
(LAURENT CHUCKLES)
What an odd thing to say.
I didn't expect
to find you here.
I went to visit the Cullens,
but the house is empty.
I'm surprised
they left you behind.
Weren't you sort of
a pet of theirs?
Yeah. You could say that.
Do the Cullens visit often?
Lie.
(GASPS)
Yeah, absolutely, all the time.
Lie better.
I'll tell them
that you stopped by.
But I probably shouldn't
tell Edward,
'cause he's pretty protective.
He might misinterpret
this little get-together.
He'd be right, if he were here.
But he's far away, isn't he?
Why are you here?
I came as a favor to Victoria.
Victoria?
She asked me to see
if you were still under the
protection of the Cullens.
Victoria feels it's only
fair to kill Edward's mate,
given he killed hers.
An eye for an eye.
Threaten him.
Edward would know who did it.
And he'd come after you.
I don't think he will.
After all, how much
could you mean to him
if he left you here unprotected?
(LAURENT SIGHS)
Victoria won't be happy
about my killing you,
but I can't help myself.
You are so mouth-watering.
Please, don't.
I mean, you helped us.
No, no, no, no.
(SHUSHING)
Don't be afraid.
I'm doing you a kindness.
(SOFTLY) Victoria
plans on killing you slowly,
painfully,
whereas I'll make it quick.
I promise.
You will feel nothing.
Edward, I love you.
(TWIGS SNAPPING)
LAURENT: I don't believe it.
(LOW GROWLING)
(ROARS)
(GASPS)
(WEREWOLVES RUNNING)
(YELPING)
(GASPS)
Dad! I saw them.
What's the matter?
In the woods.
They're not bears.
CHARLIE: What do you
mean "in the woods"?
Bell, what the hell were
you doing out in the woods?
They're wolves.
I mean, they're like
huge wolves.
Are you sure about that, Bella?
Yeah! I just saw them.
They were after something.
(HARRY CLEARS THROAT)
Wolves?
You saw them?
All right, well, Harry,
feel like going hunting?
Get some of your guys together?
Sure, yeah, I'll just...
BELLA: By now,
those wolves will be dead,
and Laurent would have
told her I'm unprotected.
Victoria.
I should go to the station.
Yeah, you should.
You should go.
CHARLIE: Can you just
stay in the house?
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(CLATTERING)
(CLATTERING CONTINUES)
JACOB: (WHISPERS) Bella!
You scared me.
What the hell are you doing?
Back up. I'm coming up.
(GASPS)
Hey.
Look, I'm sorry.
For what?
I wish I could explain.
But I literally can't.
(SIGHS)
Have you ever had a secret
you couldn't tell anyone,
one that wasn't yours to share?
Well, that's what
it's like for me.
But worse.
You have no idea
how tight I'm bound.
I hate this.
I hate what they've done to you.
It's not their fault.
Really.
(SIGHS)
I wish I could just explain.
I mean, the killer
part is, you already know.
Bella, do you remember when we
walked on the beach at La Push?
The... (STAMMERS)
The story.
The story about
the cold ones.
I guess I understand why that's
the only part you remember.
Tell me something, Bella.
Did you honestly not know?
I mean, was I really the one
who told you what he was?
Yes.
See what I mean about loyalty?
There's gotta be
something that you can do.
No. I'm in it for life.
Well, maybe we should just
get out of here for a while.
Just leave,
just you and me.
You'd do that?
I would do it for you.
It's not something I can
just run away from, Bella.
But I would run away with you
if I could.
I gotta go.
They'll start
wondering where I am.
Come here.
(SOFTLY) Please,
try to remember.
It'd be so much easier
if you knew.
I'll try.
But, Jake...
Jake, what are you doing?
Wait, Jake.
(GASPS)
Jake.
Edward, I'm scared.
You should be.
JACOB: Really,
it's just like an old story.
I'm not really supposed
to say anything about it.
Did you know Quileutes are
supposedly descended from wolves?
(WEREWOLF SNARLS)
Bella?
I need to see him.
He's not in.
Okay, I'm sorry,
I really need to see him.
Bella!
(BARKING)
What did you do?
Okay, what did you do?
Hey.
What did you do to him?
Easy!
He didn't want this.
What did we do? What did
he do? What'd he tell you?
Both of you calm down.
Nothing.
He tells me nothing
because he's scared of you.
(SNICKERING)
Too late now.
SAM: Bella, get back!
(PAUL GROWLING SOFTLY)
SAM: Paul, calm down, now!
(GROWLING)
Bella!
Run!
Jake, run!
(GROWLING)
(WHIMPERS)
(BOTH SNARLING)
SAM: Paul!
Hey! Take Bella
back to Emily's place.
Guess the wolf's out of the bag.
BELLA: Alice, is it possible
that everything is true?
The fairy tales
and horror stories?
Is it possible that there isn't
anything sane or normal at all?
(BOTH WHOOP)
Hey, I think we should go
back and see if Jacob's okay.
I hope Paul sinks some
teeth in him. Serves him right.
No way.
Jacob's a natural.
You see him phase on the fly?
I got five says
Paul doesn't touch him.
Come on in, Bella.
We won't bite.
Speak for yourself.
Oh, hey, about Emily,
Sam's fiancee?
Don't stare. It bugs Sam.
Why would I stare?
Are you guys hungry?
Like I have to ask.
(EMILY LAUGHING)
Who's this?
JARED: Bella Swan.
Who else?
Hmm. So, you're
the vampire girl.
So, you're the wolf girl.
Guess so.
Well, I'm engaged to one.
Save some for your brothers.
And ladies first.
Muffin?
Sure. Thanks.
Leave it to Jacob to find a
way around Sam's gag order.
Um, he didn't say
anything to me.
That's a wolf thing.
Alpha's orders get obeyed
whether we want them to or not.
Oh, and check it out. We
can hear each other's thoughts.
Would you shut up?
These are trade secrets.
Damn it!
This chick runs with vampires.
You can't really run
with vampires.
(EMILY GIGGLES)
'Cause they're fast.
Yeah? Well,
we're faster.
Freaked out yet?
You're not the first
monsters I've met.
SAM: Jake's right.
You're good with weird.
Hey.
(EMILY GIGGLING)
Sorry.
So you're a werewolf?
Yeah. Last time
I checked.
A few lucky members of
the tribe have the gene.
A bloodsucker moves into
town and the fever sets in.
Mono.
Yeah. I wish.
Well, can't you find
a way to just stop?
I mean, it's wrong.
It's not a lifestyle
choice, Bella.
I was born this way.
I can't help it.
You're such a hypocrite.
What, I'm not the right
kind of monster for you?
It's not what you are.
It's what you do.
They never hurt anybody.
You've killed people, Jake.
Bella, we're not killing anyone.
Then who is?
What we're trying to
protect you people from,
the only thing we do kill,
vampires.
Wait, Jake, you can't.
Don't worry. We can't touch
your little precious Cullens
unless they violate the treaty.
That's not what I'm saying.
You can't kill
vampires. They'll...
They'll kill you.
Really? We took out that
leech with the dreads
easy enough.
(WEREWOLVES GROWLING)
Laurent?
And his red-headed
girlfriend is next.
(STAMMERING) Victoria's here?
Was. We chased her
all the way
to the Canadian border
the other night.
She keeps coming back. We
don't know what she's after.
I do.
Me.
Don't worry.
We've got this place covered.
She won't get near
you or Charlie.
Look, you've got to be careful.
She's fast.
You don't know how fast she is.
You know, your lack of
confidence in us is a little insulting.
(CHUCKLES)
All right, I'd better go.
You gotta go?
Yeah.
Got a vampire to kill.
(DOGS BARKING)
BELLA: Alice,
I'm all right.
Until I'm alone.
And lately, that's all the time.
Jacob's gone.
He's hunting Victoria.
And Charlie's hunting Jacob.
And you're gone.
And so is Edward.
And there's just nothing now.
You got something, Harry?
Nope. Nothing.
BELLA: But I realize
where I have to go,
what I have to do
to see him again.
(GROWLING)
(WAVES CRASHING)
EDWARD: Don't do this.
You wanted me to be human.
Watch me.
EDWARD: Please.
For me.
You won't stay with me
any other way.
EDWARD: Bella, please.
(GASPING)
(SAD BALLAD PLAYING)
JACOB: Breathe!
Breathe!
Come on, Bella, breathe!
(BELLA SPLUTTERING)
Bella? Bella,
can you hear me?
Jake?
Come here.
What the hell were you
thinking? Huh?
I just wanted to see something.
Get her home!
I'm gonna go help out
over at Harry's place.
What happened at Harry's?
Harry Clearwater
had a heart attack.
Charlie and my dad are over
at his place with his family.
Is he okay?
He's gone.
Come on.
I'll get you something
dry and drive you home.
(SHIVERING)
108 degrees over here.
God!
My hands are freezing.
It must be nice,
never getting cold.
It's a wolf thing.
It's not.
It's a Jacob thing.
You're just warm.
You're like your own sun.
JACOB: This is better,
now that you know about me.
But...
You saw what happened to Emily.
Sam got angry.
Lost it for a split second.
Em was standing too close.
He'll never be able
to take that back.
What if I got mad at you?
(SIGHS)
Sometimes,
I feel like I'm gonna disappear.
Okay, not that you need me
to tell you something like this,
but I always will. You're
not gonna lose yourself.
I wouldn't let that happen.
How?
I'll tell you all the time
how special you are.
(BELLA INHALES SHARPLY)
Thank you.
For everything.
(CAR DOOR OPENS)
Wait.
(GASPS)
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
There's a vampire.
How do you know?
I can smell it. I'm
getting you out of here.
BELLA: That's Carlisle's car.
They're here.
Bella, it's a trick!
Stop!
You gotta come with me!
(BELLA GRUNTS)
They won't hurt me.
If a Cullen is back here,
this is their territory.
Treaty says we can only
defend on our own lands.
I can't protect you here.
Okay. That's okay.
You don't have to.
You're about to cross a line.
Then don't draw one.
Please?
(GASPS)
Alice?
Oh, my God! What
are you... Bella!
I'm sorry, I just... I can't
believe you're here. Is...
Would you like to explain
to me how you're alive?
What?
I saw a vision of you.
You jumped off a cliff.
Why in the hell would
you try and kill yourself?
I mean, what about Charlie?
What about... I
didn't try to kill myself.
I was cliff jumping.
Recreationally.
It was fun.
(EXHALES)
I have never met anyone more
prone to life-threatening idiocy.
Does...
(STUTTERING)
Did you tell him?
No.
He only calls in
once every few months.
He said he wants to be alone.
Bella, what is that
god-awful wet dog smell?
Um...
That's probably me.
Or it's Jacob.
Jacob who?
Jacob's kind of a werewolf.
(ALICE GROANS)
Bella! Werewolves are
not good company to keep.
Speak for yourself.
I had to see you were safe.
I thought you couldn't
protect me here.
Guess I don't care.
Well, I'm not gonna hurt her.
No, you're just
a harmless Cullen.
I'm talking about
the other bloodsucker
who tried to kill Bella
because of you.
Victoria?
Yeah, Victoria's been around.
I didn't see her.
I didn't see you get pulled
out of the water, either.
I can't see past you
and your pack of mutts.
Don't get me upset...
Hey, stop. Stop,
stop, stop, stop.
Or things are gonna
get very ugly.
Um...
I'll give you a minute.
Hey.
You're not going anywhere.
You're gonna come back, right?
As soon as you put the dog out.
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
Is he...
(SIGHS)
Are there others? How
many Cullens are here
and how long are they staying?
No.
It's just Alice.
And she can stay
as long as she'd like.
Well, are the rest coming back?
No.
Not that I know of.
(SCOFFS)
Anything else?
That's it.
Well, if that's all, then you'd
better go run back to Sam.
I've done it again.
I keep breaking my promise.
We don't have to do
this to each other.
Yes, we do.
(SOFTLY) Bella...
(SPEAKS QUILEUTE)
(PHONE RINGING)
Swan residence.
(SIGHS)
He's not here right now.
He's arranging a funeral.
(CELL PHONE CRACKING)
(CELL PHONE CLATTERS)
Who was that?
What?
Always in the way.
Who was that?
Bella, step back.
Jake, who was that?
Bella! Bella, it's Edward.
He thinks you're dead. Rosalie
told him why I came here.
Why would you... Why didn't
you let me speak to him?
He didn't ask for you. Bella.
I don't care!
Bella. Bella!
He's going to the Volturi.
He wants to die, too.
JACOB: He left you, Bella.
He didn't want you
anymore. Remember?
No, I'm not gonna let
him kill himself out of guilt.
What about your dad?
I'm 18. I'm legally free
to go, and I left a note.
(CAR DOOR CLOSES)
Please, Bella,
just stay here.
For Charlie.
Or for me.
I have to go.
I'm begging you.
Please.
Goodbye, Jacob.
Maybe Jacob's right.
Bella, the Volturi could see
me as Edward's accomplice.
And you're a human,
who smells too good,
and knows too much.
They could kill us all.
Okay.
(AIRPLANE WHOOSHING)
(CAR ACCELERATING)
So you've made up your minds.
It was an intriguing debate.
We've rarely
encountered a vampire
who would willingly
end his own existence.
Pathetic.
Disgraceful.
I'm afraid your particular gifts
are too valuable to destroy.
But if you're unhappy
with your lot,
join us.
We would be delighted
to utilize your skills.
Won't you consider
staying with us?
You know it will happen anyway.
Not without cause.
Such a waste.
I'm guessing you
didn't rent this car?
I figured you wouldn't be
opposed to grand theft auto.
BELLA: Not today.
What? What do you see?
They refused him.
So?
He's gonna make a scene.
Show himself to the humans.
No! When?
ALICE: He's gonna
wait until noon,
when the sun's at its
highest. (GRUNTS)
God, Alice, you got to hurry up.
There's Volterra.
(HORN HONKING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(HONKING CONTINUES)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Why are they all in red?
San Marco's Day festival.
They're commemorating
the expulsion
of vampires from the city.
It's the perfect setting.
The Volturi will never let him
get far enough to reveal himself.
(PANTING)
We have five minutes.
I know, Bella, just breathe.
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
(HORN HONKING)
Alice!
Bella, you're the only one
he can't see coming.
If I go, he'll read my thoughts.
He'll think I'm lying.
He'll rush into it.
Where do I go? He'll
be under the clock tower.
Go!
(CROWD CHANTING)
Whoa!
(BELL TOLLS)
Don't!
(BELLA PANTING)
Heaven.
You have to move.
Open your eyes.
Look at me. I'm alive.
You have to move.
Bella.
(GATE CLOSES)
You're here.
I'm here.
You're alive.
Yes.
I needed to make
you see me once.
You had to know
that I was alive,
that you didn't have to
feel guilty about anything.
I can let you go now.
I never acted out of guilt.
I just couldn't live in a
world where you don't exist.
But you said...
I lied.
I had to lie.
But you believed me so easily.
Because it doesn't make
sense for you to love me.
I mean, I'm nothing.
I'm human. I'm nothing.
Bella, you're everything to me.
You're everything.
(GATE OPENS)
I won't be needing your
services after all, gentlemen.
Aro wants to speak
with you again.
No rules were broken.
Nonetheless, we should
take this conversation
to a more appropriate venue.
Fine.
Bella, why don't you
go and enjoy
the rest of the festival?
The girl comes with us.
No. You can go to hell.
(LOCK BREAKS)
Come on, guys.
It's a festival.
You wouldn't want
to make a scene.
We wouldn't.
Enough.
Jane.
Aro sent me to see
what was taking so long.
Just do as she says.
Go ahead.
Don't be scared.
Are you?
No.
(JANE SCOFFS)
(OPERA PLAYING)
(ELEVATOR THUDS)
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Is she human?
Yes.
Does she know?
Then, why would...
She wants to be.
And so she will be.
Or dessert.
ALEC: Sister.
They send you out to get
one and you bring back two.
And a half.
(GATE CLOSES)
ALEC: Such a clever girl.
What a happy surprise!
Bella is alive after all.
Isn't that wonderful?
I love a happy ending.
ARO: Ah.
(GASPS)
They are so rare.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
Her blood appeals to you so much
it makes me thirsty.
How can you stand
to be so close to her?
It's not without difficulty.
Yes, I can see that. (CHUCKLING)
Aro can read every
thought I've ever had
with one touch.
And now you know everything.
So get on with it.
You are quite a soul
reader yourself, Edward.
Though you can't read
Bella's thoughts.
Fascinating.
I would love to see
if you are an exception
to my gifts, as well.
Would you do me the honor?
Ah.
Interesting.
Hmm.
I see nothing.
I wonder if...
Let us see if she's immune
to all our powers.
Shall we, Jane?
No!
Pain.
(GROANS)
BELLA: Stop!
Stop! Please! Stop!
(GRUNTS) Stop!
Just stop hurting him!
Please! Please!
Jane?
Master?
(GASPS)
Go ahead, my dear.
(WHIMPERS)
This may hurt just a little.
(ARO LAUGHING EXCITEDLY)
Remarkable!
ARO: She confounds us all.
So what do we do with you now?
You already know what
you're going to do, Aro.
She knows too much.
She's a liability.
Hmm.
That's true.
Felix?
(GASPS)
EDWARD: No!
(GRUNTS)
BELLA: Please! No! No!
Please, please!
Kill me! Kill me!
Not him.
How extraordinary.
You would give up your
life for someone like us.
A vampire.
A soulless monster.
Just get away from her!
You don't know a thing
about his soul.
(SPEAKING ITALIAN)
(SIGHS) This is a sadness.
If only it were your intention
to give her immortality.
(BREATHES NERVOUSLY)
Wait!
Bella will be one of us.
I've seen it.
I'll change her myself.
(ARO EXHALES)
Mesmerizing.
To see what you have seen
before it has happened.
Your gifts will make
for an intriguing
immortal,
Isabella.
Go now.
Make your preparations.
Let us be done with this.
Heidi will arrive any moment.
Thank you for your visit.
CAIUS: We will
return the favor.
I would advise that you follow
through on your promise soon.
We do not offer second chances.
ARO: Goodbye,
my young friends.
(GATE CLOSES)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
DEMETRI:
Nice fishing, Heidi.
Yes, they do look rather juicy.
Save some for me.
HEIDI: This way, please.
Stay together.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(GASPING)
(SCREAMS ECHOING)
Stop! Stop!
You're here.
You can sleep.
I'll still be here
when you wake up.
Bella, the only reason I left
was because I thought
I was protecting you.
I needed you
to have a chance
at a normal, happy life.
It was so easy for you to leave.
Leaving you was the hardest
thing I've done in 100 years.
(SIGHING)
And I swear,
I will never fail you again.
I'm so sorry.
Charlie's coming.
Hey.
You okay?
I'm fine.
Dad, you don't have to worry.
You know, last time you
said that, you took off.
I didn't see you for three days.
I'm really sorry, Dad.
Bella,
do not ever do that to me again.
Ever.
And you're grounded
for the rest of your life.
(SNIFFLES)
Okay.
I'm not technically
breaking any of his rules.
He did say I couldn't
take a step inside the door.
I came in through the window.
He's not gonna
forgive me easily.
I know.
Can you?
I hope you can,
'cause I honestly don't know
how to live without you.
Come here.
Once Alice changes me,
you can't get rid of me.
She won't need to change you.
There are always ways to
keep the Volturi in the dark.
No.
(RAIN FALLING)
You all know what I want.
And I know (INHALES DEEPLY)
How much I'm asking for.
The only thing
that I can think of
for it to be fair
is to just vote.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Shut up.
Alice?
I already consider
you my sister.
Yes.
Thank you.
I vote "yes."
It would be nice to not
want to kill you all the time.
(SCOFFS)
Hmm.
ROSALIE: I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry to both of you
for how I've acted,
and I'm really grateful
that you were brave enough
to go and save my brother.
But this isn't a life I would
have chosen for myself.
And I wish that there'd been
someone to vote "no" for me.
So, no.
I vote "Hell, yeah."
And we can pick a fight with
these Volturi some other way.
I already consider you
a part of the family.
Yes.
(SIGHS)
Why are you doing this to me?
You know what this means.
You've chosen not
to live without her,
which leaves me no choice.
I won't lose my son.
BELLA: I'll wait until after
graduation to make it easier on Charlie.
Edward, I want you
to be the one to do it.
(TIRES SCREECH)
He wants to talk to me.
JACOB: So you're
still alive for now.
EDWARD: He thinks it's me
keeping you away.
JACOB: You stay the hell
out of my head.
Jacob, I know you have
something to say to me.
But I want to say
something to you first,
if that's all right.
Thank you.
Thank you for keeping
Bella alive when I didn't.
No. You didn't.
And it wasn't for
your benefit, trust me.
I'm still grateful.
But I'm here now.
I'm not gonna leave her
side until she orders me away.
We'll see.
Hey, my turn to talk.
I'm here to remind you
about a key point in the treaty.
I haven't forgotten.
What key point?
If any of them bites a human,
the truce is over.
But if I choose it, it has
nothing to do with you.
No. No,
I won't let you.
You're not gonna be
one of them, Bella.
It's not up to you.
You know what we'll do to
you. I won't have a choice.
Bella, please, come.
Wait.
Is he gonna hurt me?
Read his mind.
Jake,
I love you.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
So, please,
don't make me choose,
'cause it'll be him.
It's always been him.
Bella...
Goodbye, Jacob.
No, you don't speak for her!
(GROWLING)
(ROARS)
Bella, get out of here.
BELLA: Stop!
Stop!
You can't hurt each other
without hurting me.
(HUFFS)
Jake.
He's right.
You shouldn't become what I am.
I can't do this alone.
Then, please, just wait.
Just give me five years.
That's too long.
(SIGHS)
Then three?
You're so stubborn.
What are you waiting for?
(CHUCKLES)
I have one condition
if you want me to do it myself.
What's the condition?
And then forever.
That's what I'm asking.
Marry me, Bella.
(GASPS)